docs(docker): warn that host build steps must use same Node version as Docker image (#34834)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/fix-docker-node-version-alignment-docs.md

---
'@backstage/create-app': patch
---

> Added a comment to the example backend Dockerfiles clarifying that the host build steps (`yarn install`, `yarn build:backend`) must use the same Node version as the Docker base image (Node 24). Using a mismatched version — especially combined with a shared BuildKit Yarn cache — can cause native modules to fail silently at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clarified that the host build steps must use the same Node version as the Docker base image in the Dockerfile.
```

This should be short and concise and easy to understand.
